Added coyote time for players - its variable like everything else, but defaults to 0.1s.

Made adjusting damping clearer. 
It now works by supplying a half-life adjacent piece of data.
To generate values you can use this: https://www.desmos.com/calculator/nvfeinxtpr
Move around the red point to generate values of h. The x-value is the time in seconds at which the initial value has been multiplied by the y-value.
This method is framerate independent and pretty intuitive.

Refactored a few things to match the new damping method.

I fixed the bleed bit - it works properly now and won't skip anything. This was probably a non-issue to begin with, but i can sleep soundly now.

When applying brittle, it now takes the maximum of the newly applied brittle and the already applied brittle.
The same is true for bleed.

Added parameter to allow state cancelling when hit.

Refactored player's hitbox to hurtbox for clarity.

Removed most of the entity emitter's requirement for having a state or projectile as a parent. Same thing for hitbox, except also fixed/removed a bunch of stuff from old ideas & methodology.

Forced collision layer and mask for several nodes. 
Renamed said collision layers.

### Projectiles!!!!!
Bunch of freaky acceleration stuff. Two curves and a vector combine to have an acceleration at a given t-value. All three of these things are optional.

It uses baked curves!! I love baking curves

There are definitely more considerations to be made here. like. Detecting walls, piercing a certain number of them. 